## Final Exam (Part 2) ##

## * Project Title ##
=> Final Exam

## 1. a. A big reason why many of us commit the fundamental happiness paradox is because we harbor negative misconceptions about happiness. Mention at least two such negative misconceptions and provide some support for why they aren’t valid. That is, refer to at least one research finding (you don’t need to cite the paper) that indicates that the negative misconception is invalid.(3 point) ##

 => The three negative confusions we examined are:i. Satisfaction prompts laziness ii. Satisfaction prompts self-centeredness, andiii. Satisfaction is temporary Findings show that more joyful individuals are, indeed, more beneficial and fruitful than the individuals who are less upbeat. In particular, this is what discoveries show:• Happier protection operators sell more insurance• Happy representatives win more• Happier (hopeful) CEOs cultivate a more sure work-atmosphere, which thus improves hierarchical productivity• Happier CEOs get better appraisals from directors of their sheets and head organizations with more prominent profits for investment,• Happier batsmen in Cricket have higher batting averagesSo, the possibility that bliss prompts sluggishness isn’t legitimate. Discoveries additionally show that satisfaction doesn’t prompt narrow-mindedness; actually, it prompts unselfishness. In particular, this is what discoveries show:• Happy individuals volunteer more for social causes• Happy individuals are bound to pass judgment on others favorably,• and are additionally ready to impart their favorable luck to others more equitably• People feeling cheerful offer more cash to good cause; they are likewise bound to give bloodand my top choice, since I am continually searching for members to run my examinations Happy individuals are bound to chip in for an additional analysis Finally, albeit numerous individuals accept that satisfaction can’t keep going long—that is, it is momentary—notably, a great deal relies upon how one characterizes bliss. On the off chance that one characterizes it more along the lines of adoration/association or plenitude, joy can possibly last any longer than if one likens it to tactile delight or hubristic pride.  


## 1b. Viktor Frankl, the gentleman who wrote, Man’s search for meaning, is reputed to have said, “Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue…” Frankl’s quote suggests that it’s better not to pursue happiness. Please indicate whether you agree or disagree with Frankl’s statement and justify your position by referring to relevant findings. (2 points.) ##


 => I agree with Frankl on the grounds that discoveries demonstrate that, while it is critical to organize satisfaction, it’s similarly significant not to seek after (or pursue it) since, discoveries show that when one seeks after bliss, one is probably going to be less cheerful therefore. In particular, seeking after satisfaction drives one to contrast one’s present bliss levels and one’s optimal joy levels, and such an examination has been appeared to bring down joy levels.  

 ## 2. a.In Week 2 of the course, 3 characteristics of flow were discussed. Mention two of the three and, using an example (e.g., game of Tennis), describe one of these two features. (3 points.) ##

 => Loss of reluctance, andiii. Zero in on the current second (sub-objective—or sub-sub-objective) A case of dumbfounding impression of time is that, during stream, time can appear to back off so you feel as is everything is going in moderate movement. E.g., in the event that you experience stream as you are playing tennis, you may feel that the ball is coming towards you in moderate movement, and that you can see the hide ready. Notwithstanding, when the game is finished, you may feel that time passed by truly quick. Along these lines, for instance, you may even miss lunch or a resulting arrangement when you are trapped in stream. Another element of stream is simply the need awareness. During stream, you don’t have that “inward voice” or “judge” remarking on how well or ineffectively you are doing what you are doing. In this way, you won’t assess yourself as you are occupied with the movement. The explanation behind this has to do with the way that stream minutes happen when you are “extended”; thus, you don’t have any overabundance limit left over to pass judgment or assess how you are getting along: being in stream takes all that you got. A last element of stream is that you are seriously centered around the current second. State, for instance, that you are ascending a stone face and your possible objective is to have an excursion lunch with a companion. On the off chance that you are in stream, you wouldn’t consider this possible objective; your consideration would be centered around the following sub-objective or sub-sub-objective—e.g., regardless of whether you have to powder your hands or which bush to clutch as you lift yourself up the stone face.  


## 2. b.A remarkable feature of flow is that almost everyone has experienced it. Another remarkable feature is that it can be experienced so long as a simple condition is met. What is that condition? Be specific. (2 points.) ##

=>  Flow is experienced when expected capacity (to carry out a responsibility) is coordinated by accessible capacity. All the more explicitly, stream is doubtlessly when required capacity is simply above accessible capacity; accordingly, one is made to extend a tad past what one definitely knows—that is when stream is the best bet.  

## 3. a.The Dalai Lama is supposed to have said, “If you want to make others happy, be compassionate. If you want to be happy yourself, be compassionate.” 

## Would you agree with this statement? In answering this question, please refer to at least two of the many findings we discussed on the impact that being kind and compassionate has on happiness. (2 points.) ##

 => I agree with the Dalai Lama’s announcement since various discoveries have indicated that being cherishing and giving—that is, being benevolent and sympathetic—fulfills us. Here are the discoveries that we examined:- One examination, directed by Prof. Norton and his co-creator demonstrated that understudies given $5 or $20 were more joyful when they spent it on others than on themselves;- Another investigation, utilizing Gallup survey information, indicated that in a greater part of nations (120 of 136 nations), the individuals who gave to noble cause in the earlier month were fundamentally more joyful than the individuals who didn’t; Yet another examination indicated that even babies are more joyful when they are benevolent and liberal than when they are not; in this examination, little children were given some Goldfish saltines and requested to expend it themselves or to take care of it to a (manikin) monkey; little children who parted with their goldfish (to the monkey) were more joyful than the individuals who devoured it themselves.- Other investigations have demonstrated that being thoughtful and liberal effects achievement. Providers (otherish suppliers, to be explicit), for instance, are significantly more liable to ascend to the head.  

## 3. b.Consider this statement: Givers are always more successful than takers or matchers.  Do you agree with the statement? Justify your answer by referring to relevant findings. (2 points) ##

=>  Givers aren’t really in every case more fruitful than takers or matchers. A great deal relies upon what sort of supplier you are. Discoveries show that it is otherish suppliers, instead of sacrificial providers who ascend to the head of their organizations.The purpose behind this is on the grounds that otherish suppliers are more averse to burnout—since they deal with themselves as well (and not only others) by remembering themselves for the “hover of liberality.”  

## 4. a.We discussed several reasons why seeking to control others and outcomes lowers happiness levels. Mention at least three reasons and elaborate on them. (3 points) ##

 => Indeed, I do agree with this announcement. The announcement implies that, the more inside control one has, the less outside control one will look for. There are a few investigations that are reliable with this thought. For instance, the paper investigations of Prof. Raghunathan show that our craving for outside control goes up when we need authority over our sentiments—e.g., when we understand pushed or on edge. In one investigation (led by Prof. Raghunathan), members were approached to list the things that they might want to do when they feel on edge and pushed. Discoveries indicated that individuals’ propensity to look for outside control—e.g., get the space around them composed, attempt to get to the lower part of the difficult that is causing them to feel on edge, and so on.— was higher when they felt pushed. The opposite has been demonstrated as well: it is the point at which we feel that we don’t have an adequately significant level of authority over our outside climate that we look for methods of taking inside control. This is one motivation behind why being profound or strict makes a difference. Discoveries from one investigation by Pollner indicated that that one motivation behind why strict individuals are more joyful that non-strict individuals is on the grounds that their faith in God gives them a feeling of vicarious authority over outer conditions. Additionally, individuals will in general turn out to be more offbeat when they are put under pressure. This happens is on the grounds that the notion demonstrations like a prop; it gives individuals a feeling of interior consolation when they need authority over the outside circumstance.  

 ## 4. b.“Internal and external control are compensatory forces.” What does this statement mean and do you agree with it? Justify your answer by referring to relevant studies/findings that show that internal and external control are compensatory in nature (or not). (2 points.) ##

 => Indeed, I do agree with this announcement. The announcement implies that, the more inside control one has, the less outside control one will look for. There are a few investigations that are reliable with this thought. For instance, the paper investigations of Prof. Raghunathan show that our craving for outside control goes up when we need authority over our sentiments—e.g., when we understand pushed or on edge. In one investigation (led by Prof. Raghunathan), members were approached to list the things that they might want to do when they feel on edge and pushed. Discoveries indicated that individuals’ propensity to look for outside control—e.g., get the space around them composed, attempt to get to the lower part of the difficult that is causing them to feel on edge, and so on.— was higher when they felt pushed. The opposite has been demonstrated as well: it is the point at which we feel that we don’t have an adequately significant level of authority over our outside climate that we look for methods of taking inside control. This is one motivation behind why being profound or strict makes a difference. Discoveries from one investigation by Pollner indicated that that one motivation behind why strict individuals are more joyful that non-strict individuals is on the grounds that their faith in God gives them a feeling of vicarious authority over outer conditions. Additionally, individuals will in general turn out to be more offbeat when they are put under pressure. This happens is on the grounds that the notion demonstrations like a prop; it gives individuals a feeling of interior consolation when they need authority over the outside circumstance.  

 ## 5. a.What do findings by John Helliwell and his co-authors reveal about the relationship between trust and happiness of countries? The “wallet drop” study conducted by The Toronto Star reveals an interesting fact about trust. Mention this interesting fact and then, based on this fact, draw an implication for “exercising smart trust.” (2 points.) ##

 => Findings indicated that individuals’ inclination to look for outer control—e.g., get the space around them sorted out, attempt to get to the lower part of the difficult that is causing them to feel on edge, and so forth.— was higher when they felt pushed. The converse has been demonstrated as well: it is the point at which we feel that we don’t have an adequately significant level of authority over our outer climate that we look for methods of taking inner control. This is one motivation behind why being otherworldly or strict makes a difference. Discoveries from one examination by Pollner demonstrated that that one motivation behind why strict individuals are more joyful that non-strict individuals is on the grounds that their faith in God gives them a feeling of vicarious authority over outside conditions. Thus, individuals will in general turn out to be more odd when they are put under pressure. This happens is on the grounds that the notion demonstrations like a prop; it gives individuals a feeling of inward consolation when they need power over the outside circumstance.  

## 5. b.What’s the difference among “obsessive pursuit of passion,” “indifferent pursuit of passion” and “dispassionate pursuit of passion” when it comes to how outcomes are judged? In which category do most of us fall? Finally, why is indifferent pursuit of passion not possible? (3 points.) ##

=> Obsessive pursuit of passion includes making a decision about results both when they happen. Indifferent pursuit of passion includes not making a decision about results either previously or after they happen. Impartial quest for energy includes having an inclination for specific results over others before they happen, yet not making a decision about them as fortunate or unfortunate after they occur.Most of us fall in the first classification: fanatical quest for enthusiasm. That is, we will in general look for specific results over others since we judge them to be acceptable (or better) and we additionally judge certain results as “great” and different results as “terrible” they occur.Indifferent quest for enthusiasm is preposterous in light of the fact that it’s outlandish not to have pre-event inclination. That is, in any case, and whether we know it or not, we will have inclinations (e.g., for eating food, scratching a tingle, and so forth.)  


## 6. a.In Week 6 of the course, we discussed the many positive consequences of practicing mindfulness. Mention at least three such benefits—one in each of the following three categories: i) physical health, ii) mental health (well-being or happiness), and iii. Success. (3 points) ##

 => There are, surely, numerous valuable outcomes from rehearsing care. On the physiological side, they incorporate the following:i. Better heart wellbeing (through fortifying of vagal tone)ii. Lower irritation (prompting lower stress)iii. Relief in the shortening of telomeres (which ensures our DNA strands)iv. Easing back down old enough related cerebrum lossOn the psychological (prosperity/bliss) side, they include:i. Lower stressii. More noteworthy empathy (because of reinforcing of Vagal tone and through actuation of isolated cortex)iii.slowing down of adaptationiv. More prominent interest and intrigue even in consistently (normal) thingsv. More prominent probability of encountering wonder, which increments saw “time wealth,” improving joy levelsFinally, for progress, they include: I. Expanded reaction adaptability, prompting better/more develop decisionsii. More prominent passionate knowledge.  


## 6. b.There are many “paradoxes of mindfulness”. Mention one of these paradoxes and briefly explain why it is only an apparent—and not an actual—paradox. (2 points) ##

 => Occurring and, simultaneously, appears to include getting all the more personally in contact with what’s going on, ii) that tolerant or grasping a contrary inclination should improve one feel as opposed to more regrettable, lastly, iii) that care would prompt lost suddenness since it improves “reaction adaptability.” All of these are obvious (and not genuine) oddities for the accompanying reasons: First, care includes “removing” from the position of “exposed mindfulness” and not from the position of the “mind.” Second, in spite of the fact that it may create the impression that totally tolerating or grasping a negative inclination may intensify it, it reality it doesn’t on the grounds that once one gets in private touch with one’s sentiments, they lessen to sensations in different pieces of the body. It is the point at which we ruminate about things that they will in general amplify; on the other hand, when one is just watching the negative emotions, they will in general ebb, stream and eventually break down and disappear. .Finally, care doesn’t prompt lost suddenness despite the fact that it builds reaction adaptability since care places us in contact with both what’s happening in our brain and in our bodies. Consequently, it improves both the capacity to settle on develop choices and look after immediacy. What it brings are the propensities down to be indiscreet and over-logical.  